if looking to buy some cheap and relic
owns make sure you check angel coin
market link in the description you go
tax that check out for five percent off
how's it going guys tax HD rental 15
hoglah team hundred david episode we are
still looking for that TV Chrysler guys
also you may not notice there there's
actually a milestone bronze card out
this might be the first-ever milestone
bronze card i'm not sure if it is but if
it is it'd be awesome to pull him then
also just remind you guys that enoch dry
cell still trying to get hamill so
couple other good team weeks there and
Boogaard android Shinsky so i've
actually got 10 bronze packs to open up
here guys for regular bronzes and four
bronze Jumbo's the reason behind this
i'm thinking opened up nine any first
hundred dry settle episode 10 this one
we do 10 the third W 29 total number of
dry settles you know maybe a little more
luck there at the numbers so we're stuff
guys here with these for baylor bronze
packs you never know what you get in one
of these obviously they're not our best
are there cheap so might as well open
them up I've got a couple players don't
have yet which is always good like I
saying we written the collections pretty
full I believe us to all US isn't that
another player there's so decent first
pack second bronze packs here guys like
I said these packs with cheap so you're
only expect the best you never know
right here a couple more players we
don't have yet it's like a stance all we
can really hope for another goalie plus
to all tutors already have italy logo
though that were going to us for
probably what 500 to get lucky store not
bad so the third pack you guys cuz the
high for the dry so i can open up a
bronze Gemma pack here dry settle three
hopefully this house is out doesn't look
like it pretty good play their little
kuja winski i forgot to say his name i
know the player camp has his name green
dosti some of these names geez more
cough vollrath solo players we don't
have you're just good to see go with the
stool tours to injury few jerseys so not
bad jumbo pack we still got two more
regular bronze to open here love to get
a rare play on one of these you've done
that a few times not that good a chance
a couple more players that we don't have
way said it's really all we can hope for
rare jersey there france low last
bracelet 500 is pretty much the price of
the pack so not too bad last wave a
bronze pack here steven getting this one
guys i'm knocking something great okay i
read all three new players but still too
which isn't too bad skater plus tool in
the bad all berm another player on half
so probably the best
Reger bronze package this one here
moving on the bronze jealous now guys
gonna hopefully get a key me try style
maybe mcdavid obviously he were looking
for a milestone card couple rare players
over yet which is awesome Ark Arkham
vault I Conan out these guys these
bronze players are names are so hard
pronounced probably cuz I don't watch
you know much th almost NHL never seen a
pronouncement Ford's you know tough to
figure it out duration three there so
it's a pretty good pack we got four
packs left open guys you try too far
right one here you might notice some
special packs they're saving those for a
pack opening later tonight you guys
probably watch it tomorrow um boolie air
bouvier I don't know how to say his name
pretty decent play-doh sixth overall
left one sniper dvorak nicotine to make
a few weeks ago a few bronze players
they don't have again glow a plus to all
just got that guy Ames me +1 up badge on
the jersey listen all right all right
back to your pie slit open up here guys
and go with the one the middle hey 12
choice out three again let's go I want
to see Timmy try saddle please EA not
going to have you got Whitney though
we're Spitfire you already have hot hot
like some of these names laser Lazar
Everly not jordan Eberle though same
price there with us too well another
rare player already have last week 500
dose not baths k plus 2 all duration
three so this was pretty good pack two
more gems left open up here try some up
and down see that helped said we gotta
do something here haven't seen a weak
player at all yet still not one there
we're sorry 66 overall goal e61 doesn't
like anything special you've got a
pretty long flow though chase we've
gotten before MacDermid and hot mcdavid
is near yatta though I looking at the
whole art collection before you make
David duration three there um a jersey
another baldor jersey method drawn blood
jersey this is a average pack last
broncho back to you guys over some good
let's go please EA pleaze rammer TV try
cell mcdavid same pack doesn't look like
it Nelson silvestra
automatic bunch of new players here
actually that's good to see or more
duplicates k plus 2 all there could be
two McCormick David down here but we
aren't going to get it so that kind of
sucks but well I seven have one more
hover datapack wellbeing for too many
dry sells out of packs hoping to get you
know mcdavid or to nature i sell one of
the two would be cool but you know we'll
see what happens any guy hope you'd read
the do it guys enjoyed the video if you
did make sure leave a thumbs up besides
that thanks for watching how nice day
goodbye
see the window too so come and get